hey guys what's going on so today my
sister brought me your phone
we put RS 7 on it about two weeks ago
and today when she woke up this morning
it said that it was not a part of the
Apple Developer Program and she could
not use your phone's completely and
activated so I'm going to show you how
to fix this and how you might possible
to put Iowa seven back on the phone so
let's do this all right so here's what
happens you go to unlock your phone and
it says activation area says you can't
activate your device on iTunes there's
no options whatsoever so I'm going to
show you how to fix this what you're
going to do is make sure your phone is
plugged in as so hold down the home
button and the hold button for about 10
seconds and then what you're going to do
is let go of the hold button and just
keep holding the home button and this
will put the device in a mode called DFU
mode which is used for restores such as
this okay so that on itunes it says that
they have detected an iPhone blah blah
blah blah blah so then you're going to
go ahead and click restore it's probably
going to have you download the last
signed firmware which I believe for this
iPhone yeah at 6.1.3 so we're going to
go ahead go through all the settings and
let it completely restore so it has to
download first so I'm going to pause the
video and it will resume as soon as it's
done downloading in so it just finished
downloading the update and so it's not
just now extracting it on to the iPhone
so the iPhone is just now starting the
restore process alright now as you can
see the iPhone did come back on so I'm
going to type in the information real
quick and then I'll show you that it is
working alright it took me a few minutes
to figure this out this phone is
unactivated at the moment and it
required an Apple ID to start the phone
up so I had to call her and get her
information to get the phone on but now
as you can see I still have no service
but I'm able to use the phone just fine
and all the features on it but once
again it is not activated so I can't
make calls or text or whatnot anyway
that is how you fix your phone if it is
stuck on the activation screen
iOS 7 beta thanks for watching please
give a like in a sub if this helped you
peace out